Create rules.md (#15)
exercism/automated-tests: docs/rules.md

# Rules in test runners

> ## Tests must be run in order.

Reviewer: This is sensible from the point of view of encouraging TDD, but we should remain aware that the total test execution time (and therefore the total bill for running the test suites) will be greater when running tests sequentially than when running them in parallel.

Reviewer 2: For some test libraries this might be impossible.

As far as I remember, there is no "run tests in order" for ruby. And for elixir its only available indirectly, as a randomizer seed of `0` will not shuffle the tests, but this is an implementation detail and even though widely known, not guaranteed to hold for ever.

Author: >As far as I remember, there is no "run tests in order" for ruby. 

For minitest they're run in order by default. For other Ruby libraries this might be different.

>  And for elixir its only available indirectly, as a randomizer seed of 0 will not shuffle the tests, but this is an implementation detail and even though widely known, not guaranteed to hold for ever.

For these cases, I guess we'll need to do something like emit the line-number of any tests that fail and then take the lowest one, or something?

Reviewer 3: Line numbers seem like a good thing to include anyway I feel.

Author: Ah. Pretty sure that's changed since I first used minitest! :) Thanks for finding the docs, @kotp

Reviewer 4: It changed in 2013, from what I can tell superficially.

Author: I'm moving this out of this PR and into https://github.com/exercism/automated-tests/pull/19

> Presuming we're un-skipping all tests, and want to continue to promote a TDD approach, we should ensure that the tests run in order so that the "next" test is the one that fails.stop as soon as the first test fails so that a user is only presented with one error message.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Presuming we're un-skipping all tests, and want to continue to promote a TDD approach, we should ensure that the tests run in order so that the "next" test is the one that fails. Stop as soon as the first test fails so that a user is only presented with one error message.
```

> ## The test runner must stop once a test fails.

Reviewer: While there are certain individual tests with significant runtime (looking at you, `alphametics`), for the most part, individual test cases run imperceptibly fast. Failing fast will not save appreciable runtime expenses.

Simultaneously, in the presence of optional tests which are allowed to fail, we have to keep running tests even after a single failure. Otherwise, the ordering of tests becomes significant: if an optional test fails, but there are core tests after it, they will not be run. 

Therefore, I would prefer to amend this requirement: 

```suggestion
## The test runner must report only 0 or 1 test failures
```

All other failures should be filtered by the runner.

Reviewer 3: I've checked the .NET test runner, and I don't think I'm able to have it stop when there is an error. That said, as coriolinus has said, we could of course restrict the test runner to only ever report the first test failure (if there is one).
